update audit logs doc (#2339)
astronomer/docs: astro/audit-logs.md

| A invite to the Organization is deleted.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/invites/{inviteId}` | |
| A user is deleted from an organization.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/users/{userId}` | |
| A user is assigned a new organization role.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/users/{userId}/role` | `role` |
| A user is assigned a new workspace role.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/users/{userId}/role` | `role`|
| A user is removed from a workspace.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/users/{userId}` | |
| A Workspace is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces` | `apiKeyOnlyDeploymentsDefault`, `description`, `name` |
| A Workspace is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}` | `apiKeyOnlyDeploymentsDefault`, `description`, `name` |
| A Workspace is deleted. | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}` | |
| A deployment is transferred to another workspace.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/deployments/{deploymentId}` | `workspaceIdTarget` |

> | A AWS cluster is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/aws` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `templateVersion` |
> | A AWS cluster is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/aws/{clusterId}` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `templateVersion` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An AWS cluster is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/aws` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `templateVersion` |
| An AWS cluster is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/aws/{clusterId}` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `templateVersion` |
```

| A Azure cluster is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/azure` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `providerAccount`, `region`, `templateVersion`, `tenantId`, `type`, `vpcSubnetRange` |
| A Azure cluster is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/azure/{clusterId}` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `templateVersion`, |
| A GCP cluster is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/gcp` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `podSubnetRange` `providerAccount`, `region`, `servicePeeringRange`, `serviceSubnetRange`, `templateVersion`, `type`, `vpcSubnetRange` |
| A GCP cluster is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/gcp/{clusterId}` | `dbInstanceType`, `k8sTags`, `name`, `nodePools`, `templateVersion` |
| A cluster is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/clusters/{clusterId}` | |

> | A Organization API token is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens` | `description`, `name`, `role`, `tokenExpiryPeriodInDays` |
> | A Organization API token is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | `description`, `name`, `roles` |
> | A Organization API token is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | |
> | A Organization API token is rotated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}/rotate` | |
> | A Workspace API token is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens` | `description`, `name`, `role`, `tokenExpiryPeriodInDays` |
> | A Workspace API token is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | `description`, `name`, `role` |
> | A Workspace API token is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | |
> | A Workspace API token is rotated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}/rotate` | |
> | A team is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams` | `description`, `name`, `memberIds` |
> | A team is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}` | `description`, `name` |
> | A team is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}` | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An Organization API token is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens` | `description`, `name`, `role`, `tokenExpiryPeriodInDays` |
| An Organization API token is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | `description`, `name`, `roles` |
| An Organization API token is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | |
| An Organization API token is rotated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}/rotate` | |
| A Workspace API token is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens` | `description`, `name`, `role`, `tokenExpiryPeriodInDays` |
| A Workspace API token is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | `description`, `name`, `role` |
| A Workspace API token is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}` | |
| A Workspace API token is rotated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/api-tokens/{apiTokenId}/rotate` | |
| A Team is created.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams` | `description`, `name`, `memberIds` |
| A Team is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}` | `description`, `name` |
| A Team is deleted.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}` | |
```

> | Add members to a team.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}/members` | `memberIds` |
> | Remove a member from a team.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}/members` | |
> | Remove a team from a workspace.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/teams/{teamId}` | |
> | Update a teams workspace role.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/teams/{teamId}/role` | `role` |
> | Update a DAG.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}` | `isPaused` |
> | Create a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs` | `logicalDate` |
> | Set the state of a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}` | `state` |
> | Clear a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/clear` | `isDryRun` |
> | Clear a task instances for a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/clear-task-instances` | `endDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includeParentPipelines`, `includePast`, `includeSubPipelines`, `includeUpstream`, `onlyFailed`, `onlyRunning`, `pipelineRunId`, `resetPipelineRuns`, `startDate`, `taskIds` |
> | Set the state of a task.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/tasks/{taskId}` | `state` |
> | Update the task instances state.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/update-task-instances-state` | `executionDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includePast`, `includeUpstream`, `isDryRun`, `pipelineRunId`, `state`, `taskId` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A user is added to a Team.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}/members` | `memberIds` |
| A user is removed from a Team  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}/members` | |
| A Team is removed from a Workspace.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/teams/{teamId}` | |
| A Team's role in a Workspace is updated.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/teams/{teamId}/role` | `role` |
| A DAG is updated.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}` | `isPaused` |
| A DAG run is created.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs` | `logicalDate` |
| A DAG run has its state updated.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}` | `state` |
| A DAG run is cleared.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/clear` | `isDryRun` |
| A task instance for a DAG run is cleared.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/clear-task-instances` | `endDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includeParentPipelines`, `includePast`, `includeSubPipelines`, `includeUpstream`, `onlyFailed`, `onlyRunning`, `pipelineRunId`, `resetPipelineRuns`, `startDate`, `taskIds` |
| A task instance's state is set.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/tasks/{taskId}` | `state` |
| A task instance's state is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/update-task-instances-state` | `executionDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includePast`, `includeUpstream`, `isDryRun`, `pipelineRunId`, `state`, `taskId` |
```

| Create a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs` | `logicalDate` |
| Set the state of a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}` | `state` |
| Clear a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/clear` | `isDryRun` |
| Clear a task instances for a DAG run.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/clear-task-instances` | `endDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includeParentPipelines`, `includePast`, `includeSubPipelines`, `includeUpstream`, `onlyFailed`, `onlyRunning`, `pipelineRunId`, `resetPipelineRuns`, `startDate`, `taskIds` |
| Set the state of a task.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/tasks/{taskId}` | `state` |

> | Update the task instances state.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/update-task-instances-state` | `executionDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includePast`, `includeUpstream`, `isDryRun`, `pipelineRunId`, `state`, `taskId` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A member of a Team is removed.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/teams/{teamId}/members` | |
| A Team is removed from a Workspace.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/teams/{teamId}` | |
| A Team's role in a Workspace is updated.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/teams/{teamId}/role` | `role` |
| A DAG is updated.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}` | `isPaused` |
| A DAG run is created.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs` | `logicalDate` |
| A DAG run has its state updated.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}` | `state` |
| A DAG run is cleared.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/clear` | `isDryRun` |
| A task instance for a DAG run is cleared.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/clear-task-instances` | `endDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includeParentPipelines`, `includePast`, `includeSubPipelines`, `includeUpstream`, `onlyFailed`, `onlyRunning`, `pipelineRunId`, `resetPipelineRuns`, `startDate`, `taskIds` |
| A task instance's state is set.   | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/runs/{pipelineRunId}/tasks/{taskId}` | `state` |
| A task instance's state is updated.  | `/v1alpha1/organizations/{orgShortNameId}/workspaces/{workspaceId}/runtimes/{runtimeId}/pipelines/{pipelineName}/update-task-instances-state` | `executionDate`, `includeDownstream`, `includeFuture`, `includePast`, `includeUpstream`, `isDryRun`, `pipelineRunId`, `state`, `taskId` |
```

| `path` | The path to the image in the registry. |
| `method` | The HTTP method for the request. |

#### Astro CLI access event fields

The following table lists the fields that are unique to Astro CLI access events.

| Field  | Description                                          |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |

> | `astroClient` | A unique identifier for the API client. `astro-cli` means the requst came from the Astro CLI. |

Reviewer 2: I think its just `cli` for the client name.

https://astronomer.splunkcloud.com/en-US/app/airflow_astro/search?q=search%20index%3D%22prod-controlplane%22%20auditLogs%3Dtrue%20astroClient%3D%22*cli*%22&display.page.search.mode=smart&dispatch.sample_ratio=1&workload_pool=standard_perf&earliest=-7d%40h&latest=now&sid=1685377880.23848723

| `astroClientVersion` | A unique identifier for the API client version. |

> | `userAgent` | A unique identifier for the API client type and version. |

Reviewer 2: An example of userAgent is `astro-cli/1.15.1`

> ##### Cloud IDE API Event Fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Cloud IDE API Event Fields
```

| `path` | The path to the image in the registry. |
| `method` | The HTTP method for the request. |

#### Astro CLI access event fields

The following table lists the fields that are unique to Astro CLI access events.

| Field  | Description                                          |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `astroClient` | A unique identifier for the API client. `cli` means the requst came from the Astro CLI. |
| `astroClientVersion` | A unique identifier for the API client version. |
| `userAgent` | A unique identifier for the API client type and version. `astro-cli/1.15.1` means the request came from v1.15.1 of the Astro CLI.|

> #### Cloud IDE API Event Fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Astro Cloud IDE API event fields
```

> The Cloud IDE uses the same unique events as the v2 API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astro Cloud IDE uses the same unique events as the v2 API.
```

| Field  | Description                                          |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `astroClient` | A unique identifier for the API client. `cli` means the requst came from the Astro CLI. |
| `astroClientVersion` | A unique identifier for the API client version. |

> | `userAgent` | A unique identifier for the API client type and version. `astro-cli/1.15.1` means the request came from v1.15.1 of the Astro CLI.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userAgent` | A unique identifier for the API client type and version. `astro-cli/1.15.1` means the request came from version 1.15.1 of the Astro CLI.|
```
